It's Friday; this is Andrew for AppSpy.com;
and you can guess the rest - this is the Friday
News Wrap-Up for the 22nd of June, 2012.
I don't even know how we could have failed
to report this sooner, especially when Zeboyd
Games, the masterminds behind Cthulu Saves
the World are behind the development of the
third installment of Penny Arcade's On The
Rainslick Precipice of Darkness series.
Somehow we forgot to mention that not only
is the third title making its way to iOS and
Android devices, but is expected to be released
'soon' after the game's initial release on
the 25th of July.
By 'soon' we mean it could be another year
of development, but hey, I'm always up for
more modern JRPG homages to play on the go.
Dave has already reported on this title, but
I couldn't pass up the opportunity to show
off the footage here in our Wrap-Up.
For a free title, Darkside is looking drop-dead
gorgeous and with any luck the gameplay will
live up to the visual hype.
Of course, there will be an IAP, though this
is tentatively priced at $0.99 and will unlock
two additional gameplay modes (on top of the
free Arcade mode), while also allowing you
to carry smart bombs.
Keep an eye on our site for a review of this
upcoming title.
For those enjoying Pocket Planes, you might
find it interesting to know that the game
almost went in a completely different direction,
pinning players down to the Earth on rails
instead of gracefully flying through the air.
Initial design mockups released by on of Nimblebit's
own on the Something Awful forums shows a
Train-based title, albeit one that never saw
the light of day.
Given the almost zen-like simplicity of the
current iteration, I wonder if there's any
merit in the developer considering something
more robust - maybe a transport tycoon game
of sorts - planes, trains and automobiles!
Landing on the App Store next week is a very
different take on the castle/tower defense
genre as you strap in to a cannon and blast
away poultry out to steal your corn.
I've said it before and I'll say it again,
but a premise like this reminds me that I'm
long past the point of worrying about needing
a legitimate story for an Arcade game - it
has guns, there are things to shoot and explosions
to be had.
I'm sold.
Chicken Doom is being released by BulkyPix
for DogBox Studios and will be available from
the 28th of June.
Despite my personal belief that Mad Acorn
by APD deserves a much larger review, I can't
begin to express just how unexpectedly perfect
this title ended up feeling upon first playing
it, so it's probably best I keep things short.
The game, which is ostensibly a rhythm title,
is the first in the developer's new TapTap
Comix project, providing interactive artistic
collaborations.
Combining the urban artwork design from South
Korean studio MOSTAPES and an electronic,
hip-hop inspired soundtrack, the game positively
bursts from the seams with raw energy; it
may not be to everyone's liking, but the marriage
of sound and art in Mad Acorn is almost flawless.
Players will tap their way through several
chapters, defeating a big-bad boss at the
end of each, and while this may seem all-too-simple
for some, 'hidden' beats are also available
for players to find, adding to their score
if they 'go with the flow'.
For $2.99 it may be a bit pricey, especially
considering its shelf-life, but if you're
the kind of person that places presentation
over complexity, this is an easy game to recommend.
Despite the addictive release of NimbleBit,
and many others over the last week, I have
to award this week's Pick to a game that managed
to make me laugh and truly absorbed me from
the moment I started playing.
Velocirapture may not be the most complex
or robust of Arcade titles, but from its startlingly
simple, yet effective controls, to the humorous
concept, PikPok and Adult Swim's latest collaboration
is another smash hit.
If you only have $0.99 to spare this week,
throw it towards this title; you're guaranteed
at least a smile, if not a long-lasting game.
Much like the start I'm going to keep the
ending short - I have to sprint out the door
once this is wrapped up, but we've got plenty
of news, reviews and features to catch up
on, so do make sure you're subscribed, and
keep an eye on us via Twitter or Facebook.
Those who like plushy toys may want to keep
an eye on our site over the next week as we
may be running a competition, but that's the
only spoiler I can give.
Have a great weekend!